HomeAboutSpeakingBooksBlogContact
free audio training
Reimagine The Status Quo
download →
WSJ BESTSELLERS:
Awaken Your Genius
Think Like a Rocket Scientist
Experiences
HomeAboutspeakingBlog
bookscontact
YOUR WEEKLY SPARKexperiences
HomeAboutspeakingCOURSESBlog
bookscontact
free masterclassexperiences
THE AI ADVANTAGE
For individuals and businesses
Learn how to master ChatGPT, reclaim 10 hours from your work week, and change your to-do list from a battleground to a playground.
MOONSHOT THINKING
For businesses
Moonshot Thinking is a system for reimagining the status quo—and building a future others can’t yet see. I wrote the book on it—literally.
new!
courses
courses
see all
Privacy Policy
Outatime LLC operates ozanvarol.com and The AI Advantage course, and may operate other websites. It is Outatime LLC’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Like most website operators, Outatime LLC collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Outatime LLC’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Outatime LLC’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Outatime LLC may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Outatime LLC also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments. Outatime LLC only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Website Visitors
Certain visitors to Outatime LLC’s websites choose to interact with Outatime LLC in ways that require Outatime LLC to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Outatime LLC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, visitors who sign up at OzanVarol.com are asked to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Outatime LLC are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Outatime LLC collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction. Outatime LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Outatime LLC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Outatime LLC may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Outatime LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Aggregated Statistics
Outatime LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Outatime LLC’s behalf or to provide services available at Outatime LLC’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Outatime LLC’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Outatime LLC will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Outatime LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Outatime LLC believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Outatime LLC, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Outatime LLC website and have supplied your email address, Outatime LLC may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Outatime LLC and our products. If you send Outatime LLC a request (for example via email or via other feedback mechanisms), Outatime LLC reserves the right to publish it in order to help clarify or respond to your request or to help support other users. Outatime LLC takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Outatime LLC uses cookies to help Outatime LLC identify and track visitors, their usage of Outatime LLC’s websites, and their website access preferences. Outatime LLC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Outatime LLC’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Outatime LLC’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Cookies
If Outatime LLC, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Outatime LLC goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Outatime LLC may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Business Transfers
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Outatime LLC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Ads
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Outatime LLC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Outatime LLC’s sole discretion. Outatime LLC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have an Outatime LLC account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Privacy Policy Changes
This document was last updated on September 10, 2024.
navigate
HomeAboutSpeakingBlogNewsletterContactbooks
Think Like A Rocket ScientistAwaken Your Geniusjoin 50k+ readers
Join 50K+ readers who call it 'the email highlight of my week.' Takes 3 minutes to read. Takes longer to shake.
subscribe
Copyright 2025 Reimagine Ventures LLC | terms and conditions | privacy policy | affiliate disclosure | site credit
Experiences